Far far away there existed a bearded man named pico, he was spanish and loved tacos, he lived in Egypt.
His favorite thing to do in the whole world was to go scuba diving. Although he could rarely do this as Egypt is not the ideal place for scuba diving.
Therefore he usually went to Australia to scuba dive. His favorite place to scuba dive was the great barrier reef. He liked it so much that he decided to move to Australia later in his life.
He now lives there and married a local Australian surfer, and is happily raising a family in melbourne.

They grew old together. They loved each other very much. They consinued to have children.
By the time they were 60 they had managed to produce 149 children. This is not what they
had bargained for. There were just too many people in the house. Each child had 2 surf
boards. Can you believe that? thats 298 surf boards non including the ones owned
by the parents. That's a lot of surf boards. 

Unfortunately, one day there was a fire. The fire was so unexpected that, by the time
pico and his children realize there was a fire, most of the surfboards had caught
fire! Wow. 148 children (one child was missing- probably not good considering there was a 
fire) scrambled around, trying to save their surfboards but not one could be saved. 
After mourning them, they decided to consult their wise surfing mother. 

"What are surfboards made out of?" she asked them.

"Plastic?"

"What did they used to be made out of?"

"Wood?"

"Then you must go to the forest and craft your own" she suggested.

And with that 130 children (the rest just bought more surfboards) began the trek to the 
local forest.

As 130 children ran towards the forest, the trees shuddered knowing the truth
 that was going to fall upon them. All 130 innocent children with their sharp 
saws went merrily towards the trees and began chopping them up. The trees screamed 
in pain while the children laughed merrily as they were going to get their surfboards. 
Soon the forest had no trees left but the children had gotten a lot of wood. All the 
children 130 in total, went and took the wood to their wise mother to tell 
her the story of how they got the wood.

As they were going back to thier mother, a magic wizard appeared in front of them and took them far far away, where they 
were never seen again. Both the parents died of lonliness wihtout their children. 
